hey there I'm Maria Sansone and welcome
to the nine I am thrilled to welcome mr.
Rupert Grint star of Harry Potter to the
show thank you so much for coming this
is so exciting we are such Harry
fanatics around here so you've made
everyone's day today so what was your
favorite scene to shoot in order to see
next
they're just really good things we got
to do in this one I guess all the
Dumbledore's Army stuff is really cool
because I'm wrong this time actually got
to do a bit of the fighting with the one
and usually he's a bit of a wimp and
sort of stays out there are you much
like Ron in real life yeah when I was in
the books always could sort of relate to
a few little things I gotta see the
ginger hair I've got a big family just
know stuff like that and that's not
wimpy check out the official Potter site
right over there so what kind of music
are you listening to these days in your
spare time yeah loads really and Arctic
Monkeys I'm really into the moment got
bang called Pigeon Detectives know
you're gonna any music festivals this
summer yeah we already been to one the
o2 festival London Hyde Park I was
pretty good well you have to check out
the pitchbook Pitchfork Music Festival
kicks off in Chicago this weekend with
some of our favorites including the
ponies clips and klaxon if you can't
make it to shy town in person you can
pick up some free download
thattaway speaking of festivals did you
know that there's some guy called the
ice-cream man and he drives around gives
people free ice cream at music festivals
have you heard of him
I haven't heard of that sounds really
cool Oh incidentally we hear that you
just bought an ice cream truck yes so
are you looking for a career change oh
yeah it's definitely an option when I
was younger I was always wanting to I
was sort of drinking the wine to sort of
be an ice cream man really yeah it's
really good to make the little kids
happy well yeah why can't really sell
ice cream though so I'm just sort of
playing the tune and driving her back oh
well this guy might be looking for a
wingman so you might be in luck you know
just in case the whole like movie star
thing doesn't work out but I think
anyways um I totally forgot I have this
meeting I have to get to life of a star
it's uptown so could you like cast a
spell on me and send me up there I'll be
back really yeah all right busy as she
is Miss Emma Watson had been kind enough
to invite us here to her hotel thank you
so much this is how excited sort of
reference back at the studio and he is
so excited about the film what's the
reaction been like for you it's been
amazing I mean it's incredible they're
kind of like fifth time around everyone
is like even more hype than even more
excited like I swear they're like need
to go outside the premier has every
single time we go to new place so it's
amazing and you know currently we're
doing really really well on the block so
I was loving it and you seen any of
these user-submitted videos on Yahoo I
haven't seen any them yet I hear they're
hilarious
so funny my favorite is the Mach news
story about Buster's school of magic
it's like the poor man's Hogwarts
hilarious right over there so we've read
it you're self professed mad textures
that true yeah and your co-stars Rupert
and Daniel kind of help you interpret
the messages from guys yeah how's their
advice good bad yeah really good really
good down is the take city go that
something
tends to be on the money so yeah it's
really good good are just and good with
a button yeah like it get your text
translations over there so Emma I read
that you've found your true love toast
is that true yes I love toast I eat it
pretty much every day and it gets me
through everything well that's why
you're so tiny so what's the secret of
the perfect piece of toast it's all
about timing yeah you know you've got to
get the toast in and then as soon as it
pops that's when you've got you've got
to get the butter on it so that it's
it's warm enough so that everything
yeah well this very talented artiste
over here created the perfect homage to
toast oh no all right cute see the whole
video over here so I know you can't give
us any inside info on the seventh and
final book Harry Potter and the Deathly
Hallows but Pepsi chapter Erica wants to
know what is the Harry's town in America
actually means the town that's all the
most Potter books and right now it's
Falls Church Virginia
but there's still time for you guys so
go out and get your copy at Amazon but I
guess we shouldn't keep Rupert waiting
any longer he's there in this studio but
thank you so much for inviting us here
at the moving River I'm terribly sorry
about that but Emma does say hi it was
fun well you might have heard by now
that fellow you cares posh and Becks are
coming to America and today Dave is
officially introduced as a member of the
LA Galaxy oh you're a big soccer fan
right yeah so what are your thoughts on
this yeah it should be really good I
think it's gonna be really good on the
team and he's awesome yeah he's a hockey
player and should be giving well welcome
that beckons to the US and see some
other really really ridiculously
good-looking athletes over there
okay Ripert clearly you are the only
person on earth who could play Ron but
there are some characters in the next
movie that still need to be cast so tell
me would you like to see play Rufus
screams yeah hmm today really I've just
been there trying to think somebody
you'd like to work with yeah I've got a
man I like he's probably bit too young
but the guy from Napoleon Dynamite oh
yeah um I don't know how about lavender
Brown yeah would you like to play her
all right that's gonna be a press the
bronze girlfriend in the next one week
that's a little bit oh wait no that's
our tonight
well we could talk about it later cuz I
have a few ideas see MTV's casting
hopefuls over there those are the nine
vote for your favorite and go to the
Pepsi tends to send us a link and search
for the nine on Yahoo Rupert thank you
so much for coming you were awesome go
check out Harry Potter at a theater near
you it is excellent
I'm Maria Sansone wonderful quick I know
Watson and Rupert shouldn't you get back
to work